refactor: update security spec with pre and post conditions (#6)
interlay/interbtc-spec: interbtc-spec/docs/source/spec/security.rst

**Error code:** ``ORACLE_OFFLINE``

> BTC-Relay Offline

Author: Note: will need to update the state machine figure.

Reviewer: Done: https://lucid.app/lucidchart/9c260a6f-cfd2-42f4-96d5-3e4f95717b98/edit?viewport_loc=-141%2C-1114%2C1646%2C1321%2CBQcUKJSmjDB8

* ``SHUTDOWN: 2`` - BTC Parachain operation fully suspended. This can only be achieved via manual intervention by the Governance Mechanism.

.. _errorCode:

> ErrorCode

Author: Note that there is now only one possible `ErrorCode` since the removal of `BTC_RELAY_OFFLINE`.

ParachainStatus
...............

Stores the status code (:ref:`statusCode`) which defines the current state of the BTC Parachain. 

Errors
......

> Stores the set of error codes (:ref:`errorCode`), indicating the reason for the error.

Author: There is no longer any reason to store a set of errors, I suggest we change this in the implementation. cc: @nud3l @sander2

Reviewer: Let's keep it that way just in case we might ever want to include new error codes. That way we would not have to change the APIs

*Parameters*

* ``account``: account identifier (links this identifier to the AccountId associated with the process where this secure id is to be used, e.g., the user calling :ref:`requestIssue`).

*Preconditions*

> * MUST combine ``account``, ``Nonce`` and the hash of the parent block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A parent block MUST exist (cannot be called on the parachain genesis block).
```

*Postconditions*

* Nonce MUST be incremented by one.

> * MUST return the 256-bit hash of the input fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* MUST return the 256-bit hash of the ``account`, ``nonce``, and ``parent_hash`` (the hash of the previous block of this transaction).
```

.. _hasExpired:

hasExpired
----------

Checks if the ``period`` has expired since the ``opentime``. This calculation is based on the :ref:`activeBlockCount`.

Specification
.............

*Function Signature*

``hasExpired(opentime, period)``

*Parameters*

* ``opentime``: the :ref:`activeBlockCount` at the time the issue/redeem/replace was opened.
* ``period``: the number of blocks the user or Vault has to complete the action.

> *Preconditions*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Preconditions*

* The `ActiveBlockCount` MUST be greater than 0.
```

Note, strictly speaking, we could check that the open_time <= ActiveBlockCount, otherwise there is an error in the implementation.

*Postconditions*

> * MUST return true if ``opentime + period > ActiveBlockCount``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* MUST return ``True`` if ``opentime + period < ActiveBlockCount``, ``False`` otherwise.
```
